Title: How I ran away from Computer Science
Author: Minh Tran
Body: A little back-story about me. I grew up in a small village in Nha Trang. Our family was on the better-off side compared to most people in our village. We were the very first in our village to own a computer (thank you uncle Mike). There was no internet at the time, so offline games were the only things to keep me entertained. Eventually, I would run out of games to play. I had to dig deep in Windows > System32 and find any icon that looked remotely like a game.
Of course, somehow I managed to find a system game that I never played before. Needing another fix of a new game, I thought of a great idea! Let's DELETE anything that is not a game! Process of elimination would eventually land me on a nice game to play, or so I thought. And that is the story of how I broke my first computer.

Fast-forward to 2012, my freshman year in College. I declared as a Computer Science major, I knew it had to be Computer Science. What else could it be? For the most part, I was passing all of my classes with ease. Calculus was was considered to be FUN! You have no idea how excited I was to finally move on to a coding class.
The semester my Java class started, I was super excited to show up to class everyday. Naturally, I struggled more than my peers because it was my first experience with code. Everyone seems to be a lot better that me, I thought. Despite all that, after every lesson, I would leave class happy about what I could get the program to do.
Everything was fun! and exciting!... until the exam day finally came. I stared at my screen on the first problem to draw a circle on a canvas using code. "Just skip it, you will get the next one", I thought to myself. The next problem, my face was still as blank as the screen that I was supposed to poop code on. And the one after that. And after that.
I was never taught to even write pseudo codes. My syntax was all wrong. None of my code complied. The two hours felt like eternity and by the end of it... I turned in nothing. I was so ashamed of my jumbled up syntax that I never submitted my code. When the results came back, the professor suggested that "whoever failed the last exam, should consider dropping the class and maybe switching majors".

I stayed. Maybe because I thought I didn't try hard enough last time. I didn't practice enough last time. By the end of the semester. I failed the class. For the first time in my life, I received an F. I hammered it in my mind that I wasn't smart enough for this field. I never had it in me after-all. The very next semester, I switched out of Computer Science major.
